Use network helpers in the Hardhat Network docs (#2907)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/src/content/hardhat-network-helpers/docs/reference.md

  // use token and exchanges contracts
})
```

## Other helpers

### `dropTransaction(txHash)`

> Drops the given transaction hash from the mempool, if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the given transaction from the mempool, if it exists.
```

The tx is dropped, not the hash

Reviewer: also, `removed` is easier to understand

Author: Done in d783f719d113df83fd5b3081d7ac0535ba5e43bf

Parameters:

> - `txHash`: Transaction hash to be dropped from mempool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `txHash`: Transaction hash to be removed from mempool.
```
